There is a wee bit of jargon here, but don’t worry. ESR is managing a
jargon file you can read at
[http://www.catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/go01.html][1] and he has a cool
[HOWTO][2] on hackers from which I quote below:

**What Is a Hacker?**

There is a community, a shared culture, of expert programmers and
networking wizards that traces its history back through decades to the
first time-sharing minicomputers and the earliest ARPAnet experiments. The
members of this culture originated the term ‘hacker’. Hackers built the
Internet. Hackers made the Unix operating system what it is today. Hackers
make the World Wide Web work. If you are part of this culture, if you have
contributed to it and other people in it know who you are and call you a
hacker, you’re a hacker.

The hacker mind-set is not confined to this software-hacker culture. There
are people who apply the hacker attitude to other things, like electronics
or music — actually, you can find it at the highest levels of any science
or art. Software hackers recognize these kindred spirits elsewhere and may
call them ‘hackers’ too — and some claim that the hacker nature is really
independent of the particular medium the hacker works in.

There is another group of people who loudly call themselves hackers, but
aren’t. These are people (mainly adolescent males, and little girls) who
get a kick out of breaking into computers and phreaking the phone system.
Real hackers call these people ‘crackers’ and want nothing to do with them.
Real hackers mostly think crackers are lazy, irresponsible, and not very
bright, and object that being able to break security doesn’t make you a
hacker any more than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive
engineer. Unfortunately, many journalists and writers have been fooled into
using the word ‘hacker’ to describe crackers; this irritates real hackers
no end.

The basic difference is this: hackers build things, crackers break them.”

[1]: http://www.catb.org/~esr/jargon/html/go01.html
[2]: http://www.catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html